---
layout: post
---

Bright and early again for more painting. We were ready for breakfast at 7:30 this morning. Breakfast was typically bread, beans, eggs and fruit. This morning, there was a new option for us. This time we had a fermented corn porridge that you can add sugar cubes to so it can sweeten up some. It wasn’t my favorite thing we have had this trip, but I did eat it all, knowing we would be working hard again this morning.

<iframe width="800" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ONCux7BbNdA" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

We got to the site and first finished the second coat on one of the classrooms. after that was done, we headed to the walkway on the south end of the building. Just over half of the columns and overhangs were still bare concrete, so it was back with the shovels, scraping the columns and overhangs to get them ready. We also used the brooms they have here to get the cobwebs (not spiderwebs) down. We then started going to work again, I spent most of my time up on a table getting the high to reach areas with the brush. The table was a novelty the first day or so, but at this point, I was wishing I had a ladder instead. Soon enough, it was 12:30 and we were off to lunch.

We headed to the restaurant across the street from the hotel, a nice open air place called Hut D’Eric, where we had lots of seafood and a fermented corn “dough” that got dipped in tomato sauce, or in my case, the shito. Everything was fantastic again, even the fried shrimp, that you just eat, shell and all. After getting stuffed, we headed over to the Kente cloth shop near our hotel. I bought one each for the boys. I had originally gotten a colorful one for Will and black and white one for Henry, then quickly changed my mind as I didn’t need Henry complaining at some future date that he got the boring one.

After that, it was back to paint two more classrooms and some of the columns outside on the north end. We finished that in about 3 hours, so we got to spend some time playing with the kids. While most of the group was playing with the kids in a big circle, I found a group of boys playing with a soccer ball up on the other building. We were kicking it back and forth, when I took a break after slightly injuring myself. I saw a young boy, probably 2 1/2-3 with his older brother, about 8 or 9 years old. His older brother was supposed to be learning how to cut grass with the machete, so he had to leave his brother for a bit.

When the youngster couldn’t find his brother, I helped him up to the other building. He couldn’t find his older brother still, and started to cry. He was the first child I have seen cry while here, so I made sure he could find his brother behind the building. His older brother came right over, picked him up and hold him, Settling him down. I made sure to tell him that he was being a great brother, I hope he understood at least the gist of it. Soon after that, we headed to the van. The young boy was being carried by his brother, and I made sure to wave to him, getting a wave back.

We headed back to the hotel, hearing the Michael Bolton and Celine Dion playing once again. we got into the building then and then noticed no lights. We headed to our room, getting confirmation that the power was out once again. We soon found out, it was out everywhere in the area as the town shuts down the power every Wednesday from 5-10 to conserve energy. A little later, the hotel started a generator on the property so we have power now. Looking out the window, it is weird that all we can see is dark while we have power, in a seemingly odd twist of fate. The only issue, the generator can only power one of the buildings, so dinner is going to be rather warm since they cannot open the doors to let the breeze through, needing to keep the mosquitos out.